1- Washington owned slaves. He freed his 300 slaves in his will when he died.
2- He didn't like Thomas Jefferson. Adams' last words were: "Jefferson lives." He didn't know that Jefferson had died a few hours earlier.
3- Jefferson originated the custom of shaking hands with the President of the U.S. Before his term people bowed to the President.
4- His last words were: "I always talk better lying down."
5- In the election of 1820, Monroe received every electoral vote but one. A New Hampshire delegate wanted Washington to be the only president elected unanimously.
6- He was the first president to have his picture taking before becoming president
7- Jackson was the first president to have a cabinet appointment rejected by the Senate. He had recommended Roger Taney to be Secretary of the Treasury.
8- Davy Crockett who was serving in congress criticized how Van Buren dressed. He said his clothes were "Feminine."
9- One of Harrison's jobs as governor was to gain land through treaties with the American Indians. He acquired about 50 million acres at a cost of $2.00 per acre.
10- John Tyler was the first President whose wife died while he was holding the office of the President.
11- President Polk was one of only three Presidents that didn't have any children.
12- Taylor refused all postage due correspondence. Because of this, he didn't receive notification of his nomination for president until several days later.
13- President Fillmore never ran for President. He became President after the death of Zachary Taylor. When Taylor died Millard was very grief stricken. He set the swearing in for noon the next day. The United States went a day and a half without a president. He was sworn into office on July 10, 1850.
14- Franklin Pierce was arrested for running over a woman while driving his carriage in Washington, DC. The charges were later dropped.
15- James Buchanan suffered from an eye disorder that caused him to cock his head to the left and close an eye.
16- Lincoln hated being called Abe. He preferred to go by his last name, Lincoln. Some people called him Mr. President. His wife even called him Mr. Lincoln.
17- The first Easter Egg Role on the White House Lawn was hosted by President Andrew Johnson.
18- Ulysses S. Grant was arrested for speeding while driving a horse and buggy in Washington, DC. He had to pay a fine of $20.00 and walk back to the White House.
19- Lucy Hayes was the first president's wife to be called First Lady of the Land.
20- Garfield was the first ambidextrous president. He could even write Greek with one hand while writing Latin with the other.
21- He was charged with bribery and mishandling federal funds but never convicted.
22- President Cleveland was the only President to serve non-consecutive terms.
23- Harrison and his family often went to bed and left all the new electric lights burning because they were afraid to touch the switches. He used to have White House staff turn them on and off.
24- Cleveland was one of two presidents that didn't go to college and had not served in the military. (Van Buren was the other.)
25- He was the first president to use campaign buttons.
26- President Roosevelt was the first president to refer to his residence as the "White House." Prior to his term it was known as the Executive Mansion or just the President's House.
27- He won fifteen of the first seventeen cases he argued in front of the Supreme Court.
28- He was the only president with a Ph.D. He graduated from the University of New Jersey which is now called Princeton.
29- He was the first sitting senator to be elected president. He visited the senate chamber two hours after his inauguration. He didn't need permission because he was a former senator. That day the US Senate approved his entire cabinet without objection. It only took ten minutes.
30- Calvin Coolidge loved having his head rubbed with Vaseline while he ate breakfast in bed.
31- During the depression when many people were going hungry, Hoover ate seven course meals that were some of the "most elaborate table ever set at the White House.
32- Franklin D. Roosevelt was the only person who was elected President to four terms: 1932, 1936, 1940, 1944.
33- When he ran against Dewey for president, the papers ran headlines after the election the Dewey had won. Truman won, but was the 15 president to not get the majority of the votes.
34- He seldom wore a suit more than twice.
35- President Kennedy donated his presidential salary to charities including the United Negro College Fund and the boy scouts.
36- Lyndon Baines Johnson was the first President sworn in by a woman. He was sworn in by Federal District Judge Sarah Hughes. Also, he was the first President to be sworn in on an airplane. The plane was not in flight.
37- Speaking to reporters about his health, Nixon once claimed that he had never had a headache during his whole life.
38- Ford was the only President who was employed by the National Park Service. He worked as a park ranger in Yellowstone in 1936.
39- Jimmy Carter lost his second term as President. He was defeated in a landslide by Ronald Reagan. Jimmy Carter had 49 electoral votes to 489 for Reagan.
40- His staff would sometimes call him "Old foot-in-the-mouth" for saying the wrong thing. For example at a dinner in Brazil he proposed a toast to the people of Bolivia instead of Brazila.
41- Bush requested Nixon's resignation as president in the name of the Republican Party.
42- He was the only president to be elected twice without winning the popular vote in each election.
43- President Bush is the only son of a former U.S. President to be elected to two terms. He as the first president elected in the 21st Century.
44- President Obama is the first president to be sworn in by a justice he voted against. He voted against John Roberts becoming a Supreme Court Judge.
